My daughter is so faint
Don't worry.
I'm driving
I'll take you to the hospital
come and go
Doctor
Why did my daughter suddenly faint?
Your daughter has leukemia
How is that possible?
My daughter, she's five years old.
The hope of treatment is very slim
And it requires huge medical expenses, you see
I eat smashing pots and selling iron, I also eat
Let's go to the hospital first
Xiaonuo
Mom will definitely find a way to cure you
Sir?
Thank you today
It's okay, I'm glad I can help you.
By the way, I have 200,000 here
You take it
I know it's not enough.
But it can help a little bit
I can't take it.
Just take it.
Pay me back when you have money
Oh, thank you kindly.
Hi, I didn't expect to see you again so soon.
You did a good job on the runway this time, hey.
So you're here too, that's right
How is Xiaonuo's illness?
It's stabilized
It will be ok don't give up
Are you thirsty?
I'll buy you a glass of water
Thank you.
Li Xiaoya
You've had a great five years